profile/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Loop Language</h1>
    <p align="center">
       A Modern Type-Safe Programming Language<br>
       <a href="https://looplang.org/">Website</a> | 
       <a href="https://looplang.org/docs">Documentation</a> | 
       <a href="https://discord.gg/CAGR36aD">Discord</a> | 
       <a href="https://looplang.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10003">Jira Board</a><br>
    </p>
<br>

<p align="center">
We are a team of mostly Fontys University IT students from the Netherlands.
Here you will find all the software officially written by the members of Loop and its contributors. If you want to help and continue our development of Loop, go to the 
<a href="https://looplang.org/">website</a> and the repositories to see the current issues.
</p>

## Want to try Loop
**Note:** Currently Loop is still in its early development stages. There are loads of bugs, missing features and it is simply a unfinished project. 

On the [website](https://looplang.org/docs/usage/installation) there is a comprehensive guide on how to start using the language.

## Looking to help

If you want to contribute to Loops growth; Choose one of the three projects. In the repositories are more instructions to get started.<br>
Go to our [Jira](https://looplang.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10003) to see the current tasks relating all the projects. <br>

| Project            | Description                                                                    |
| -----------        | -----------                                                                    |
| The Loop Language  | [loop](https://github.com/looplanguage/loop.git)                               |
| LPR Front-End      | [pkg.looplang.org](https://github.com/looplanguage/pkg.looplang.org)           |
| LPR Back-end       | [api.pkg.looplang.org](https://github.com/looplanguage/api.pkg.looplang.org)   |

**Note:** LPR is the Loop Package Repository. It's Loops equivalent to NuGet and NPM. <br>
Our software is written using technologies like: .NET 6, Rust and TypeScript

##

<p align="center">Go to the website for more information.</p>

Commit message:

feat: add link to guidelines

profile/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Loop Language</h1>
    <p align="center">
       A Modern Type-Safe Programming Language<br>
       <a href="https://looplang.org/">Website</a> | 
       <a href="https://looplang.org/docs">Documentation</a> | 
       <a href="https://discord.gg/CAGR36aD">Discord</a> | 
       <a href="https://looplang.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10003">Jira Board</a><br>
    </p>
<br>

<p align="center">
We are a team of mostly Fontys University IT students from the Netherlands.
Here you will find all the software officially written by the members of Loop and its contributors. If you want to help and continue our development of Loop, go to the 
<a href="https://looplang.org/">website</a> and the repositories to see the current issues.
</p>

## Want to try Loop
**Note:** Currently Loop is still in its early development stages. There are loads of bugs, missing features and it is simply a unfinished project. 

On the [website](https://looplang.org/docs/usage/installation) there is a comprehensive guide on how to start using the language.

## Looking to help

If you want to contribute to Loops growth; Choose one of the three projects. In the repositories are more instructions to get started. Go to our [Jira](https://looplang.atlassian.net/jira/dashboards/10003) to see the current tasks relating all the projects. <br>
Also take a look at the [Development Guidelines](https://github.com/looplanguage/.github/issues/1), these are essential when you want to contribute.<br>

| Project            | Description                                                                    |
| -----------        | -----------                                                                    |
| The Loop Language  | [loop](https://github.com/looplanguage/loop.git)                               |
| LPR Front-End      | [pkg.looplang.org](https://github.com/looplanguage/pkg.looplang.org)           |
| LPR Back-end       | [api.pkg.looplang.org](https://github.com/looplanguage/api.pkg.looplang.org)   |

**Note:** LPR is the Loop Package Repository. It's Loops equivalent to NuGet and NPM. <br>
Our software is written using technologies like: .NET 6, Rust and TypeScript

##

<p align="center">Go to the website for more information.</p>
